Fix Broken Links (#18)
turbot/guardrails-docs: docs/integrations/aws/event-handlers/index.md

# Configuring Real-Time events

<div className="alert alert-warning">

> This section details the steps required to set up AWS Event Handlers. Alternatively, you can use the <a href="https://github.com/turbot/guardrails-samples/tree/main/baselines/aws/aws">aws baseline</a> which automates this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section details the steps required to set up AWS Event Handlers. Alternatively, you can use the <a href="https://github.com/turbot/guardrails-samples/tree/main/policy_packs/aws/guardrails/enable_regional_event_handlers">Enable Regional Event Handlers for AWS Accounts Policy Pack</a> which automates this process.
```
